.TH "pyjigdo" "1" "0.4.0.2" "Fedora Unity" ""
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP 
Runtime Options:
.TP 
\fB\-\-jigdo\-file\-bin=JIGDO_FILE_BIN\fR
Use given jigdo\-file binary. (Default: /usr/bin/jigdo\-file)
.TP 
\fB\-\-list\-images\fR
List available images for given Jigdo files and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-d, \-\-debug\fR
Set debugging to on.
.TP 
\fB\-v, \-\-verbose\fR
Increase verbosity.
.TP 
\fB\-\-logfile=LOG_FILE\fR
Logfile location. (Default: ./pyjigdo.log)
.TP 
General Options:
.TP 
\fB\-\-info\fR
Print information about the jigdo image and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-\-fallback=[number of tries]\fR
Number of public mirrors to try before using a fallback mirror. (Default: 3)
.TP 
\fB\-\-servers\-only\fR
Don't use mirrorlists, if present. (Default: False)
.TP 
\fB\-\-max\-attempts=[number of tries]\fR
Max number of tries to get a file before giving up. (Default: 6)
.TP 
\fB\-t [number of seconds], \-\-timeout=[number of seconds]\fR
Number of seconds to wait before switching to different slice source. (Default: 30)
.TP 

Download Options:
.TP 
\fB\-n [image numbers], \-\-image\-numbers=[image numbers]\fR
Download a given comma\-separated list of image number(s) or range(s). e.g.: "7,15,23,8\-13"
.TP 
\fB\-f [image filenames], \-\-image\-filenames=[image filenames]\fR
Download a given comma\-separated list of image filenames or file glob patterns. e.g.: "*i386*CD*,foo.iso"
.TP 
\fB\-a, \-\-all\fR
Download all images defined in jigdo. Same as \-f "*"
.TP 
\fB\-\-threads=[number]\fR
Number of threads to use when downloading. (Default: 8)
.TP 
\fB\-\-stuff\-bits=[number]\fR
Number of files to download before stuffing into ISO. (Default: 80)
.TP 
\fB\-\-stuff\-then\-remove\fR
Remove downloaded data after stuffing into ISO. (Default: False)
.TP 
\fB\-\-download\-storage=[directory]\fR
Directory to store any temporary data for downloads. (Default: ./pyjigdo\-data/)
.TP 
\fB\-\-download\-target=[directory]\fR
Directory to store final download data. (Default: . )
.TP 
Scan Options:
.TP 
\fB\-s [directory], \-\-scan\-dir=[directory]\fR
Scan given directory for files needed by selected image(s).
.TP 
\fB\-\-scan\-iso=[iso image]\fR
Mount and then scan existing ISO images for files needed by selected image(s).
.TP 
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
pyjigdo \- PYthon JIGsaw DOwnloader
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
pyjigdo [\fIoption\fP]... \fIjigdoURL\fP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
PyJigdo is a Python rewrite of the popular Jigdo distribution framework. It has also been slightly modified to add some extra features.
.SH "EXAMPLES"
.LP 
Interactively download an ISO image listed in the specified .jigdo file or URL:
.IP 
pyjigdo\ http://jigdo.fedoraunity.org/templates/20080331/Fedora\-Unity\-20080331\-8.jigdo
.LP 
Save \fItime\fP and \fIbandwidth\fP by not downloading unchanged parts of the image you may already have available locally. Point \-\-scan\-dir at base directories and/or \-\-scan\-iso at ISO images. One or both of these options should \fIalways\fP be used when possible, and is a primary feature of using Jigdo over other download methods.
.IP 
pyjigdo \-\-scan\-dir "/media/Fedora\ 8\ i386\ DVD" Fedora\-Unity\-20080331\-8.jigdo
.br 
pyjigdo \-\-scan\-iso ~/downloads/Fedora\-8\-i386\-DVD.iso Fedora\-Unity\-20080331\-8.jigdo
.LP 
Automatically start downloading ISO image numbers 6, 7, and 16 to 21:
.IP 
pyjigdo \-n 6,7,16\-21 Fedora\-Unity\-20080331\-8.jigdo
.LP 
Automatically start downloading all of the 32bit CD ISO image filenames using a simple wildcard glob pattern:
.IP 
pyjigdo \-f "*i386*CD*" Fedora\-Unity\-20080331\-8.jigdo
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
.br 
\fI ./pyjigdo\-data/\fP
.br 
\fI ./pyjigdo.log\fP
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Jonathan Steffan, Jeroen van Meeuwen, Ignacio Vazquez\-Abrams, Stewart Adam, Jason Farrell
.SH "BUGS"
.LP 
Report bugs at http://bugzilla.redhat.com/ .
